Bethany: Hi, how are you
Magalie Marcellus: Good. You
Bethany: Are doing very well. Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: How's the family doing
Bethany: Pretty good.
Bethany: My daughter. See where she had to go to the emergency room. She they found out that she's got double kidney infection and one kidney is swollen so large that they're kind of concerned that she could possibly have done some damage.
Bethany: So they're thinking about maybe going in and putting some stints in to relieve some of the pressure
Bethany: I mean other than that, you know, just just kind of a worry with her being pregnant.
Bethany: No.
Magalie Marcellus: She had a lot of problems with their
Bethany: first pregnancy.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, it's just a hospital.
Bethany: Yeah, then they let her come home late last night.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh my gosh, I'm showing all
Bethany: The she's very tired. And that's, that's another thing her blood pressure. She's been having trouble. She's has a heart condition that they found with our first pregnancy.
Bethany: They said that her heart's not pumping enough blood for her and the baby and whenever she stands up she gets dizzy and passes out her blood pressure goes up or pulse goes down.
Bethany: I dropped just sorry but yeah everything's kind of backwards. You know, it's like her. Her policy goes up or blood pressure goes down, and it's just having a lot of problems with her heart and blood pressure.
And
Bethany: So just taking it one day at a time, hoping everything works out.
Magalie Marcellus: With this nice man bed works.
Bethany: Well, she's supposed to be that she's stubborn and she doesn't always do it, she's usually up working around the house and doing things she had to take off work, of course, but
Bethany: But yeah, she's pretty stubborn.
Magalie Marcellus: So one more complication. She has to take it easy.
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Bethany: That's what I tell her.
Bethany: The other night when I took her, she was really concerned because she was spotting and things too. And, you know, she thought maybe it was problem with the baby. But it turned out it was just you know her.
Bethany: Or semester.
Bethany: That's where the blood was coming from.
Magalie Marcellus: Half hour long is she
Bethany: She's four months.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, supposed to go Wednesday and do the
Bethany: Find out the gender so
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, this week.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: What does she have my little son.
Bethany: Yeah.
Bethany: She's got a little boy. He's almost there. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, okay. You've been helping out a lot.
Magalie Marcellus: With a little one.
Bethany: Oh, yes.
Bethany: Keeps you run and
Magalie Marcellus: I can imagine.
Magalie Marcellus: How you guys don't be in quantum basically
Magalie Marcellus: I you stand with at your door, as though you
Bethany: Were home. I mean, it doesn't bother me robot. You know, I mean, just because I can, I can always find things to do at home.
Bethany: Kind of a
Bethany: You know, busy, but I always got to keep something always got to keep going and
Bethany: Moving so busy.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. What are you doing to keep yourself busy.
Bethany: Cleaning and painting and doing yard work and
Bethany: All that good fun spring. Spring stuff.
Bethany: We had a pretty bad last
Bethany: Storm that rolled through those
Bethany: Lines again. Yeah, and it
Bethany: Really took down a lot of limbs and trees and things. So we've been working cleaning that up.
Magalie Marcellus: He has been getting out of the
Magalie Marcellus: Last time we spoke at the water
Bethany: Oh yeah, this
Magalie Marcellus: One was going on.
Bethany: Yeah, we had a few pretty
Magalie Marcellus: Bad about whether
Bethany: That it just seems like the rain just doesn't quit.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, so are you moved into your
Magalie Marcellus: Your place you are looking at all. Are you with that friend.
Bethany: No, no we we've already been in our own home.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, good. So that's a big splash.
Bethany: Know. Yeah, definitely.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, man. You're, you're on area now have to worry
Magalie Marcellus: About the housing situation.
Magalie Marcellus: So you got most of the thing fix
Bethany: Oh yeah, mm hmm. Yep.
Magalie Marcellus: And has the husband on
Bethany: Pretty well.
Bethany: I was a little concerned last couple nights has sugar kind of spiked up but
Bethany: I just kind of treated it with the Nova log again because they've got him on the land is at night Nova log through the day.
Bethany: For coverage and he kind of spiked up a little high. Last couple of nights, but I don't know if it's just kind of stress of things, or what's going on, but it, it went up on him. And you know, I got it back down. I gave him a couple extra units of insulin and control it, but
Bethany: I was just kind of worried that maybe he had some kind of
Bethany: You know infection viral something going on you know that
Bethany: Causes like a because he's been really tired and not feeling good, too. So I'm hoping it's nothing like that. I'm hoping, hoping it's just a fluke.
Magalie Marcellus: Is a steelworker
Bethany: No, not right now. He's like,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you both.
Magalie Marcellus: You help taking care of them.
Yeah.
Bethany: Yeah, I pretty much do the diabetes checks and control it and making keep on it because if I wouldn't he wouldn't do it.
Magalie Marcellus: It's a good thing that he has. He has a support because the especially the diabetes, you really have to be on top of it.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, so say stable.
Ryan.
Bethany: Yeah, when I worked in the hospital I were to the hospital for about eight years and
Bethany: I'm constantly on to him telling me you know you can't imagine how many 30 year olds that I've seen that look healthier than you, that I've lost their legs are lost their eyesight, you know, just by not controlling their diabetes and it's so easy to control if you just do it.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: You're right.
Magalie Marcellus: Sometimes, some people need that push
Magalie Marcellus: Them through
Bethany: Then yeah, every time I get on to him, he'll look at me when I get done barking at him and he'll say well that's what I've got you for
Bethany: Watching, I guess.
Magalie Marcellus: Sounds like he appreciate you being on on top. Oh.
Bethany: No, yeah, we've been together 29 years we've been together since we were 15
Magalie Marcellus: You guys have a strong bond.
Bethany: Know, yeah. Yeah, we're best friends. Anything I guess been together 29 years and
Bethany: Worked at it.
Bethany: We worked at a plan together for, I guess, about six years and then when he started driving truck. I started working back in the hospital again.
Bethany: And he went on the road for about three years and wanted me to quit and go on the road with him and just see the country because I had never really been out of Ohio and I quit work and went on the road with him for about eight or nine years so
Bethany: We, we had a role was really good. Yeah.
Bethany: A lot of people said, I can't imagine being stuck with my spouse in a
Bethany: Truck you know
Magalie Marcellus: A month and working for that long.
Bethany: But I said,
Magalie Marcellus: We have to have a good
Magalie Marcellus: Connection to do it.
Bethany: Yeah, we actually got along probably better in the truck and what we do out of it. And we just work as a good team.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: And that's what keeps you guys strong because you have a good relationship.
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm as a program or going for you.
Bethany: Excellent. I haven't had any problems.
Bethany: I'm very happy. I just feel like it saved my life really. I really I've said that before. I've always said that
Bethany: I feel like the medication. I mean, it saved my life because I would get down to a point that you know you're so sick. You just, you just don't, don't. I mean, death would be a welcome you know i mean you're that sick and I don't ever want to go back to that again.
Bethany: And, you know,
Bethany: So to me it was a lifesaver. It's been a lifesaver.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: Understand, no, we get the
Magalie Marcellus: Patient or Surgeries often on. I know there was a recent survey completed back in March, early March.
Magalie Marcellus: Shift. I just wanted to confirm how you felt with some of the
Magalie Marcellus: The question the statements and how would you felt felt the same way, because one of the question is, he has satisfied are you with the amount of help you receive and it's we have one as the as the score that you
Magalie Marcellus: Selected. So I just wanted to know what was going on at the time.
Bethany: What which
Bethany: Which question. Was it
Magalie Marcellus: Is said that has satisfied are you with the model that you receive from the on the program. So one is the lowest so I don't know something was going on.
Bethany: Is that what I
Magalie Marcellus: What we could have a what we could have done differently.
Magalie Marcellus: Saw you wouldn't
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, it's
Bethany: Just said I think sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: Sometimes that does happen.
Bethany: Because problem. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Cuz that's why you know we view it with all the patient just to make sure how we can help better if something is not working and what we can do together to
Bethany: Yeah, because I
Magalie Marcellus: Saw points.
Bethany: I've never had a problem. I've always thought it was excellent and research the program and
Bethany: The only thing that I remember putting I think like towards the end, ask if there was anything that
Bethany: You would improve or could improve, you know, what would it be and the only thing that I've noticed and and I understand, you know, I understand that they're over overly swamped and busy, but it's just kind of a long wait time to get in on the virtual clinic.
Magalie Marcellus: The check in. Yeah.
Bethany: Right. And a lot of times, you know, you're kind of late coming in with. That's why I was a little later tonight coming in and they, they, it took them probably I was on hopefully 13 minutes and
Bethany: Yeah, they weren't sure if they had the right number that because they said that your personal number changed, which you know it doesn't bother me, but
Magalie Marcellus: I
Magalie Marcellus: had shifted. Oh, no, no.
Bethany: Going to show up this time.
Magalie Marcellus: But, you know, at the fact that I know there's been a bit of a delay and with
Magalie Marcellus: All the things going on in or they may be short with staff as well. So, I get it.
Bethany: Right, right.
Magalie Marcellus: And we
Bethany: And I understand that, too.
Magalie Marcellus: But I know this is always on.
Magalie Marcellus: Time is an issue that's always they always recommend to come in a little bit earlier than the appointment time
Magalie Marcellus: And just in case they get swamped.
Magalie Marcellus: With some maybe we'll check in and you just at the time of your appointment and just come in. So the one
Magalie Marcellus: Right. Yeah, I know. It's an
Magalie Marcellus: Ongoing issue they trying to work on.
Bethany: But that's, that's the only
Bethany: Thing that I can
Bethany: That I can remember putting down that I had any kind of an issue with but like I said, I understand that you know I
Bethany: Like that. So I know people get busy problems, man.
Bethany: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: I understand. Right. And sometimes when people are checking the other issue they trying to solve.
Magalie Marcellus: So then, back when delays on the classes.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. And it was things they have to get done in between. So
Bethany: Yeah.
Bethany: That boxing's yeah
I completely understand
Magalie Marcellus: And this is why we had that discussion, just in case there is something going on that. I'm not aware of or the program or the staff is not aware of so we can make sure that you know you're successful in a program, whatever that needs to
Magalie Marcellus: Be taken care of.
Bethany: Right, yeah. I don't know why would i would have fit that unless I got it backwards. Did I put the rest of them as as
Bethany: I know everything was
Magalie Marcellus: Fine. Except for that one. So,
Magalie Marcellus: Again, maybe just
Magalie Marcellus: I don't know how
Bethany: It's hard to tell.
Magalie Marcellus: This survey is selected, have you go in and do it, or I'm not sure because
Bethany: That's another thing I'm wondering
Bethany: Because it comes in on on our phone and the one that I use in
Bethany: My emails and surveys and things on
Bethany: Is a little older cheaper phone and sometimes it's hard to call a little circles.
Magalie Marcellus: So it could have been sad when
Bethany: That happened before. And I'm thinking maybe that's what it was.
Magalie Marcellus: It could be because and I still train a lot with that particular question which I'm not sure why is this one. That's give most of the problem with us, but
Magalie Marcellus: Again, just to make sure
Bethany: Ya know,
Magalie Marcellus: That she needs. Okay.
Yeah.
Bethany: Yes.
Bethany: There, when you go out
Magalie Marcellus: Places at that time.
Bethany: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: How's the weather there.
Bethany: A little cool, it's probably in the high 60s that storm blew through last night and kind of cooled it down before that it was beautiful was in the 70s mid 70s.
Bethany: But it's called it down a little bit. And it's kind of dreary out the sun just did kind of popped through the clouds by about an hour ago.
Okay.
Bethany: Easter, whether I guess spring weather.
Magalie Marcellus: So when did you do for Easter.
Not
Magalie Marcellus: Ready. Oh.
Bethany: Yeah, stayed home I called my daughter to see how she was feeling, you know, and
Bethany: She ended up getting to come home and they had an Easter egg hunt for Eli that morning that she missed
Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Who had the who's on
Bethany: His daddy.
Wasn't
Magalie Marcellus: Just him.
Bethany: Yeah. Her has
Bethany: He played he
Magalie Marcellus: Kept everything. Oh really.
Bethany: Yeah, I'm pretty fortunate
Bethany: She married a really good guy.
Magalie Marcellus: That's good to hear back is very supportive and even though she was India, you still make sure the little one.
Magalie Marcellus: No, yeah, I had a good ISA so that'd be a good partner for sure.
Bethany: I wish I worried so much about Otter, because she's so tiny. She's like 90 pounds soaking wet probably five pieces. Yeah. She just said.
Bethany: Tiny, tiny little thing and I always worried you know she would get with the wrong guy somebody that be Europe or smack around or but she got with a really, really good guy. And he supported her you know she's in school still and finished her orient degree. She's got her LPN degree and
Bethany: He's really a good guy.
Bethany: So I couldn't have asked for a better son in law.
Magalie Marcellus: And it sounds like your relationship with your daughter is unproven
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, this is
Bethany: A minute, day by day.
Magalie Marcellus: Day by day. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, for her to give you the
Magalie Marcellus: To allow you to take care of your grandson. So that's a big step.
Bethany: Oh, yeah. Yeah, because
Bethany: She's still once in a while my, you know, kind of cop an attitude with me or whatever, if we get to talk him, but we're smoothing through
Magalie Marcellus: Well, and I already have their personalities and, you know, things may come up. But is there anything in particular that she's uncomfortable about
Magalie Marcellus: With you being with
her grandson.
Bethany: I don't think so. I think she's just more let down that you know when she found out because I'd kept it hidden for so long and
Bethany: You know, she just never thought of me like
Bethany: That
Bethany: Because I was always kind of this straight laced with me, you know, and
Bethany: really pushed him to do well in school and
Bethany: You know, do everything right.
Bethany: And work and you know I was always working, never, never missed work and
Bethany: I always tried to
Bethany: To, you know, do good at work and move up and she just never thought of me like that. And I think it kind of let her down.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, you guys when building that trust.
Magalie Marcellus: And that is sometimes. Everybody have their own timeframe as unlike you know she says that you don't want, you need to do to take over yourself in that she can feel comfortable with getting back to things the way they were
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: So I know everything's up with the. Did you ever get a chance to work with a census program before
Bethany: They pushed it back until last last email. I've got from him. I'm thinking they said tentatively like may 16 but you know as long as this is going on. It's probably going to get
Magalie Marcellus: Delayed yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Because nobody can nobody is a house and build account.
Bethany: Right, right.
Bethany: For
Magalie Marcellus: You during oval with this because I know everybody's DeLeon definitely
Magalie Marcellus: A concern.
Bethany: Know, believe it or not, I'm, I'm kind of not one of them that runs out my toilet paper and by no I just
Bethany: Day by day.
Bethany: You know, I'm a firm believer that it's it's dangerous. I think mail, you know, handling mail that and change and money that's going to be dealing with it, everybody really needs to think about, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Yet
Bethany: Constantly washing your hands constantly sanitizing and
Bethany: You know, just just playing it smart and common sense you know that's that's all I think we can ask or
Bethany: I'm
Magalie Marcellus: All about. That's a good answer, because this right now. You can't control what's what's going on. We just
Magalie Marcellus: Exactly. Find a way to adjust
Magalie Marcellus: You know, you're like now.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you guys have to wear masks on your area when you go out
Bethany: And it's it's recommended
Bethany: It's yeah it's recommended and
Bethany: We always do.
Bethany: You know, my daughter always does with a little boy and
Bethany: Yeah. So yeah, just to be say it's an extra precautionary
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm. And is your son. I'm not using your husband easy one out. So there's no it's
Bethany: Not very often.
Bethany: He, he's a little more scared of it.
Magalie Marcellus: I wish I can understand
Magalie Marcellus: You know, right, they should be with any kind of underlying condition.
Bethany: Yeah, what's a diabetes. And plus he's had pneumonia and things before. So it's better kind of safe than sorry. I mean, he will go out, but he preferred all
Magalie Marcellus: Men and if you don't have to. The best thing is to see how
Bethany: Exactly.
Magalie Marcellus: It should be if there's another feminine, but I can pick up certain things on this need medical or things like that. Yeah, which is
Bethany: Which so that's like what was so tough, you know, it was my daughter has kind of taking her and
Bethany: Then sit in the parking lot and waiting and trying to you know wait to hear what's going on and running in and out.
Bethany: Became and began. Right. Well, that's
Bethany: Not even a triage so
Bethany: It was kind of nerve wracking.
Magalie Marcellus: But I'm glad she's back on my PC know you can get to see a second
Yeah.
Bethany: Yeah, I'm hoping to go out here. I talked to her earlier and told her like to come out and stay a couple days and I said that way. Maybe you can kick your feet up and rest and relax.
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Bethany: Right then that way. I get to visit with him for a little bit and I can help her get some housecleaning down and some chores done, is she needs to for spring cleaning so
Magalie Marcellus: I had the ship. Oh, my bad.
Bethany: She said that. Yeah, she said it wasn't a problem but she'd have to get with Alan at her and see for sure what schedule. He's working and
Bethany: Her doctors appointments and they usually go to church on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sundays. So her schedules.
Magalie Marcellus: She's based on a lot of it.
Bethany: Right, okay. So she didn't
Magalie Marcellus: Make it easy.
Bethany: Yeah, definitely.
Magalie Marcellus: Well you you offer the help and so she fills the needle and that means you offer it.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. And I know you want to be there to buy whatever support, especially a high position he needs to be rest and more
Magalie Marcellus: With a little one is hard to do.
Bethany: If you have any
Magalie Marcellus: Fear has been
Bethany: And that's what I told her, I said with her blood pressure and heart problems and things until they find out what's causing it. You know, I keep
Bethany: Preaching to her, please take it easy, take it easy HTC
Bethany: They think is something more neurologic than like muscular and the heart or about problem, anything like that.
Bethany: They think it's neurological and whatever it is, is causing the electronic you're like, you know, to stimulate her heart at the wrong time to be is the way that I understood it. So they're trying to treat her with some medications.
Bethany: But she can't take a lot with a baby.
Magalie Marcellus: With being praying way by so they have to
Magalie Marcellus: Be limited and in terms of the treatment that they can offer
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, praying that she does. Well, you guys.
Magalie Marcellus: Get out of this song.
Magalie Marcellus: You say her first pregnancy with you in bed with
Bethany: The last about three months she was for the same reason.
Bethany: Okay. Every time she was saying that she would pass out were
Magalie Marcellus: So well
Magalie Marcellus: And she had a she had a full time, baby.
Yeah.
Bethany: Yeah, she carried in full term. He was a huge, huge baby for
Bethany: He was actually. So being that he broke her tailbone.
Magalie Marcellus: No way. Yeah.
Bethany: They
Bethany: They had it is the Syrians.
Bethany: Syrian and
Bethany: Because they said this baby is not coming out. He broke her tailbone. They couldn't deliver
Bethany: So I had to do an emergency. So sharing, but I said she's a tiny, tiny little thing so
Magalie Marcellus: Do you deny that right
Magalie Marcellus: He's very show
Bethany: And when she carries the morale. Now I always say it looks like she's carrying a full grown
Magalie Marcellus: Or something she
Bethany: Don't look right carry any because he's a big
Boy.
Magalie Marcellus: Why she always finding
Bethany: Pardon me.
Magalie Marcellus: What she always a tiny child.
Bethany: Oh yeah yeah shilling way five pounds.
Bethany: When she was born, and she was just Danny. DANNY tiny her whole
Life.
Bethany: Just my husband and me were both kind of little people and her husband's not a real big guy. I don't know where her son Eli, God is big, big. He's a big old boy.
Bethany: Yeah, she's always in real tiny
Magalie Marcellus: Now, which are all of this. Get out the way
Magalie Marcellus: Though goo, how often you have group now.
Bethany: And Tuesday, I'll have it tomorrow at 130
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so therefore weeks, though.
Bethany: Yeah. Well, no. I mean, she's got me on a two week schedule, but I still
Magalie Marcellus: Discussion okay good high
School
Magalie Marcellus: And there's been an issue is prescription or even
Bethany: Or how, you know,
Bethany: The only problem I
Bethany: Can I can tracking it to try to keep an eye on it, see what was going on. I thought I'll see a baby was sent to do with the covert in the mail.
Bethany: Because it was shipped.
Bethany: Out how I hope it was shipped out to 30th.
Bethany: It said that it was still sitting in like Walnut Creek California as a I believe the 10
Bethany: And then I had mentioned it to group last week and a soda shipped out and then I noticed that I think they shipped it out the 11th.
Bethany: So I should be there. If it's not, I haven't checked mail today. So it should be.
Magalie Marcellus: There for the test.
Bethany: Yes. Yeah, you're in town.
Bethany: So if it's there. I'm just going to go ahead and tomorrow. During are probably before after group. I'll just
Bethany: Go ahead and check manage over with. And yeah, I'll get out of the way. I want to show them that there was a delay. Yeah. Yep.
Magalie Marcellus: You're good at what time again.
130. OK. OK.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. So it sounds like you did some of those goals. I know the the employment gets delayed.
Magalie Marcellus: But you get the house in together. Any other goals that you're working on.
Magalie Marcellus: Right now.
Bethany: There's this, I don't know, kind of so many, but they're just little ones, you know, of course I want him in the relationship, you know, with my daughter. That's a big
Bethany: I have a real real touchy relationship with my mother myself. So eventually I would like to
Bethany: The men that but that's kind of, you know, down the road.
Magalie Marcellus: What is your mama.
Magalie Marcellus: Is local so
Bethany: She is about an hour from here. So yeah, I mean, in today's time yeah travel time. Yeah, she's, she's pretty low.
Magalie Marcellus: Drive driving distance
Magalie Marcellus: Somewhere yeah okay um you. But again, you know, from where you started and where you are right now it's it's progress with the relationship
Magalie Marcellus: Now you just have to keep you know doing your private and open that on her and she see the progress in that she be willing to accept more
Magalie Marcellus: That you you change.
Magalie Marcellus: Your life circumstances for to be more willing to compromise with that so
Magalie Marcellus: Again, everybody's different in that time.
Magalie Marcellus: Have had a level of comfort, because she was hurt.
Magalie Marcellus: But you can you do your pride and you better work on her. And so he had a man that relationship.
Bethany: Means I'm hoping
Magalie Marcellus: I saw the writing letters.
Bethany: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Bethany: I got a notebook for
Bethany: Some of them I tear out again and some of them. I know. It depends on my mood.
Magalie Marcellus: And I know before you are going back to the doctor for your medication for the Taiwan.
Bethany: Yeah, I haven't, I haven't been just with the code everything going on, they've
Bethany: Got everything back
Magalie Marcellus: On them. Okay. But do you have medication or you for evaluation, you have met so
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Sounds like you're on target. Even though you know things in Rocky little bit, but seems like we'll go into more positive.
Bethany: Oh yeah, I think.
Bethany: Compared to where you compared to where I was a year and a half ago. Absolutely.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and how long you been substance free now.
Bethany: You see, it is April and May, it'll be a year so 11 months.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Okay, before I say something to celebrate
Bethany: Right, yeah, I'm happy, I'm you know I don't say proud because you got to keep on top of it and not let it get ahold of you. But yeah, I'm happy.
Magalie Marcellus: And throughout the 11 months anything any struggles, where you felt that wanted to use
Bethany: No, honestly, not really. I mean, I hear people all the time saying you know that they have the triggers and the things that make them.
Bethany: But that just never was me. I didn't do it to kind of escape or party or have fun. You know, I kind of slipped into it with with just
Bethany: You know, the, the pain medication that I was on. And then when I lost the insurance, you know, just a second. I had somebody asked for it. And that's where she went from there and
Bethany: You know, I was older. When I started using and
Bethany: I don't know if it was not a big thing for me to have to do to escape, you know, from like for things like either
More
Magalie Marcellus: Wasn't bad. I've been I was
Magalie Marcellus: For right
Magalie Marcellus: It wasn't recreationally it
Bethany: It wasn't recreation. I'll put it that way. It was to keep the sickness. Okay, when I lost my insurance.
Bethany: I had been on fentanyl patches and Percocet tins for about show. Oh gosh, probably four or five years and then I lost my
Bethany: And it
Magalie Marcellus: And without a
Magalie Marcellus: Doubt when you're on. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Bethany: It was bad, bad man I was very sick, of course.
Bethany: Probably not as thick as what I went through with the heroin. But still you're
Bethany: You're just so miserable. You just don't you just don't want to wake up you know
Bethany: And I just know I don't ever want to go back there. So as long as I can stay where I'm at and make progress on happy even a
Bethany: Little progress little baby steps. That's, that's
Magalie Marcellus: A No.
Magalie Marcellus: Baby steps lead to big accomplishment. So
Exam.
Magalie Marcellus: You know what these stories. So going at it, that's what's important.
Bethany: And you
Have five reason
Bethany: I've always said sometimes it seems like you take 14 steps forward and slide back 15 or 13 but as long as you can keep going. That's what matters because you'll you'll make progress. It just takes time.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, as long that you don't stay one
Magalie Marcellus: With the negative thoughts or things when things are
Magalie Marcellus: Being difficult that you don't go back to your always things that are comfortable with.
Bethany: Right now see when I was using I was never. It was never recreation. I never did around anybody. It was kind of a hush hush thing I was embarrassed. I hated it. I hated it so bad. I was discussing
Bethany: Just was me.
Bethany: And you know I was never, never been in trouble with with the police. I always worked. I was kind of what I consider a functioning at it. I didn't steal a robber. See, you know, to get it.
Magalie Marcellus: But to finance when So Keith,
Magalie Marcellus: You're gone
Bethany: Right. Oh yeah, yeah, it all goes down hill and syncs with the ship.
Magalie Marcellus: Again, you didn't stay where you add you look for treatment and look at where you are right now. So that in itself. It's something to celebrate
Bethany: Definitely
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so any arms short term plan.
Magalie Marcellus: But eventually
Bethany: Not, not really. I haven't thought about it a whole lot, because I think we're just kind of touching the tip of the iceberg. With this covert thing and
Bethany: Just kind of kick back, you know, sitting and waiting and see what's going to happen with that.
Magalie Marcellus: Has it on your end, is that a lot in your area or just
Bethany: Here there are county where we live. They've just got the fifth case last night.
Magalie Marcellus: They have breaking news on
Bethany: And and flashes said that there was the fifth case.
Magalie Marcellus: But you guys are low in your area.
Bethany: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, it's not a high in the war area or yes yeah we're, we're in the country.
Bethany: We're in the country.
Bethany: Okay, so we could fill
Bethany: It out. Pardon me.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Are you in again.
Bidwell
Magalie Marcellus: Bidwell. Okay. All right. Well, please. You guys will get to with the social distance and you still be able to kind of need to take a walk and
Bethany: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: There's more space in a
Bethany: Good night.
Magalie Marcellus: Everybody have to pay the price will stay safe so that they know the country can get back to some type of normalcy.
Bethany: Right, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so any questions for me and
Concerns
Bethany: I don't believe so. I feel real comfortable
Bethany: No problems. It said, I still feel very, very comfortable with the program. I haven't had a bit of problem.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I'm happy to hear that. And in that you stay on track, which are recovery.
Magalie Marcellus: Track
Magalie Marcellus: Make sure we're up to date with shop plans.
Magalie Marcellus: So quickly.
Magalie Marcellus: And any problem with just sleeping.
Bethany: Yeah, I, I've always had trouble but my thing is I can't shut my brain off. I think anxiety and stress it just it's constantly going I lay in bed at night worry, worry, worry, worry, worry, worry and I've always had that problem, years and years and years have been a worry
Bethany: I usually three or four nights out of the week, I might get two to four hours sleep.
Bethany: On the rest, you know, yeah, the rest, I might get five six hours.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And do any meditation anything
Bethany: Just yes i. Matter of fact, I just downloaded last
Bethany: Group or the group for last two weeks ago, I had downloaded that the insight timer and
Bethany: Start doing that, not so many one. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: What which one they call this one.
Bethany: Insight timer.
Magalie Marcellus: Inside time. Okay.
Bethany: So Islam and
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I'll check that one out. There's quite a few out there.
Bethany: It's pretty good. You know, they've got the, the part where you have you can pay for membership or they've got the the access to the free ones and and really the free ones are our planning. I mean, there's a lot to choose from.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh. And they've been helpful for you.
Bethany: Yeah, it takes a while to get to where I think you can get your body into your mind into the mode, you know, to do it.
Magalie Marcellus: But that's part of it is like
Magalie Marcellus: Once you notice that you
Magalie Marcellus: drifting, drifting off and, you know, thinking so much, then that's why it will give you a self awareness.
Magalie Marcellus: So they're going to start reminding yourself. Okay, any tool that those thoughts go but it takes practice.
Bethany: It does.
Bethany: For you tomorrow.
Bethany: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: You just got to kind of get yourself, you know, custom to it.
Magalie Marcellus: And do it on a daily basis.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, even if it's for five minutes. It's something just to be your mind a little bit. Yeah.
Bethany: I would like to the week before john wasn't there are grief counselor.
Bethany: And it was a lady named Serena Burnside Lee.
Bethany: Or brings me. Yes she does he do
Magalie Marcellus: Via isn't something you're interested in
Bethany: Absolutely. I told him as soon as she started talking about it. It was like
Bethany: All can ding, ding, ding, I need that.
I
Magalie Marcellus: Really
Magalie Marcellus: Let me
Bethany: How hooked up with it.
I will
Magalie Marcellus: Get in touch with her because I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, cuz I don't know what's her caseload is like right now, but I'll definitely add you and she can reach out to you.
Bethany: That would be great.
Magalie Marcellus: With that, okay.
Bethany: I keep
Bethany: Wanting to call virtual clinic and ask, and I keep forgetting that yeah it is definitely
Bethany: For sure. I am very
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, it is.
Magalie Marcellus: It's, it's really helpful especially right now you are pretty stable, which are recovery. So definitely something that you'll be able
Magalie Marcellus: To help you move along with, you know, other past issues and
Bethany: Yeah, because I i covering
Bethany: I you know I had problems and issues and traumas and things like long before I ever used as a kid, I had a lot of things going on and
Bethany: You know, you just kind of wonder if it affects you later in life and that's why you're not asleep, and that's why you're always stressed out. That's why I always worry in
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
Bethany: I can get a handle on that. Yeah.
Bethany: Right, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Absolutely, we definitely are agile.
Magalie Marcellus: And reach out to
Magalie Marcellus: Just give me one second. I'm trying to load the computer.
Magalie Marcellus: Will almost done.
Magalie Marcellus: Takes a lot longer. When you're trying to get it done.
Bethany: It's Monday.
Magalie Marcellus: Computer. I have a mile of their own.
Bethany: Some fun definitely
Bethany: And now I think everybody stuck inside on and so it's got an overweight, you know, the
Magalie Marcellus: Fish. Oh yeah, for sure.
Magalie Marcellus: So, did you ever have any outside therapists with us.
Bethany: Yes. Several years ago I did. And then when I was
Bethany: When I was 1415 I did and that's when that time is when they said that I had PTSD, which
Bethany: They never really treated me for but they put me on some
Bethany: anti depressant medications and that sort of thing. I just never really had a whole lot of luck with a another presence.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and you when you whenever medication for anxiety and
Bethany: No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: So right now, you're going to work on the sleep a little bit and hopefully that meditation would help you calm.
Magalie Marcellus: Your mind a little bit so you can get
Magalie Marcellus: More rest.
Bethany: No definite definitely
Magalie Marcellus: And yeah, I know some of the stuff we had to discuss with
Magalie Marcellus: Your goals. So, mainly was that and also to improve the sleep, which you're working on.
Magalie Marcellus: I think we got most of it covered.
Magalie Marcellus: I will put the requests for with Serena.
Bethany: That'd be great.
Magalie Marcellus: Nish then sure, which had to you. And also, so for now on us. If there's anything issues if you need to meet with me, you can contact virtual clinic. Otherwise, I probably be meeting just if you need when I need to update your plan.
Magalie Marcellus: A chicken sandwich. We have to do every couple months.
Bethany: Okay, that's fine.
Magalie Marcellus: All right. Yes. And now all the best to your daughter.
Bethany: To give you
Magalie Marcellus: A healthy pregnancy and healthy baby.
Bethany: Yes, hopefully crossing our fingers someone a girl. This tiny
Magalie Marcellus: Show you. We
Magalie Marcellus: Will be pleased with whichever one
Bethany: Either one.
Magalie Marcellus: I have, I have three boys, so
Bethany: What are their ages.
Magalie Marcellus: Where they're at older right now so
Magalie Marcellus: The youngest is fighting
Magalie Marcellus: So now I don't have babies in
Bethany: Still a handful
Bethany: Yeah, I have a 2025 year old.
Bethany: Son and a 22 year old daughter. So I've been through all
The teenagers.
Bethany: I missed
A bit difficult.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, yes or no, the little, you have to be on top of them.
Bethany: Frequently, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But, you know, with every years and we arm.
Magalie Marcellus: You know stage. It's a different issues that your challenges.
Bethany: Absolutely. You
Magalie Marcellus: Can I mean
Bethany: Yeah, I think it's good.
Bethany: To have it, it doesn't
Bethany: It does.
Magalie Marcellus: It cost you more money and it's more, it's easier to do it.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm happy to have another beaches in diapers all day long.
Magalie Marcellus: And then I'll be daycare. That was my focus when they were little, get them out of the
Bethany: Oh yes, I did a
Bethany: Babysitter saying babysitters
Bethany: Run a
Magalie Marcellus: Really expensive.
Bethany: Yes, you know, babysitters then you make it work, a lot of
Magalie Marcellus: Time sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: Sometimes like it's best to stay home.
Magalie Marcellus: Things were so expensive, but you know it does because this is our life.
Bethany: Yeah, we have to do to do to keep surviving
Magalie Marcellus: And keep them safe.
Magalie Marcellus: Bet. But again, I'm
Magalie Marcellus: I'm really happy where you are in your recovery and keep pushing through whatever issue or if there's a concern, feel free to reach out to me and definitely they can make time for me.
Magalie Marcellus: All right.
Bethany: Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. All right. All the best to you and your family and stay safe. Okay.
Bethany: All right. Thank you, you too.
Bethany: Bye bye.